# Automated-Parade-State-Program
For the code, please view the .py files, the json files are the API links and Database
# Background
In the military, personnel must submit their attendance every morning before working hours to determine whether or not they are present; this is referred to as a parade state. The Parade state includes the personnel rank and name, as well as their current status. It also includes a parade state summary, which shows the number of people with the same status. The procedure for submitting a parade state begins with each individual being responsible for submitting their parade state in a Whatsapp chat group. Others will gradually copy the previous message and send the message with the status from the same row as their information. Following the submission of all personnel, a clerk will collect all of the data and transfer it to an excel sheet. The excel sheet will include the parade state from Whatsapp as well as a calculated summary of it. They will then submit their work to the manpower branch for review. Other interested parties, such as the company sergeant major and the commanding officer, may also view the sheet to determine the number of people present at the time.
# Problem Statement
Despite the fact that this practice has been going on for quite some time, it raises a number of issues that cause inconvenience for others. Personnel must copy and paste previous messages as well as clean up the data before submitting the new status. Many people may want to submit their parade state all at once, which may overwrite some messages sent by others, resulting in an inaccurate parade state. Another issue is that the whatsapp group, which is supposed to be for work-related discussion, is now a place for personnel to submit their status, resulting in a flood of messages. It takes the clerk a long time to manually type the current parade state into an excel sheet and calculate the parade state summary. In some cases, clerks may be too busy and forget to submit the parade state, forcing the manpower branch to go after them.
# Solution
The commanding officer intends to digitalize many of these everyday processes, the most important of which is the parade state. That is why I developed this Automated Parade State program, which can address this issue. Every morning, employees will post their status on Google forums, which allows multiple users to post at the same time. The Forums data is linked to the Google sheet. This program will then extract these data from Google Sheets, authenticate the personnel data, and clean the raw dirty data, which may contain duplicates or unrecognizable personnel. After that, the clean data will be formatted and structured into a table format. The program's functions will assist in using the table and generating the parade state as well as the parade state summary, which is updated daily.
